# Country: GUP - Gupta Empire

government = monarchy
add_government_reform = Pol_Succession1
add_government_reform = Pol_Assembly1
add_government_reform = Pol_Nobility1
add_government_reform = Pol_Centralisation2
government_rank = 6
mercantilism = 0.0
primary_culture = maghadi
religion = hinduism
add_accepted_culture = bengali
add_accepted_culture = maghadi
add_accepted_culture = oriya
add_accepted_culture = mewari
add_accepted_culture = dhundari
add_accepted_culture = marwari
add_accepted_culture = harauti
add_accepted_culture = malvi
add_accepted_culture = gujarati
add_accepted_culture = saurashtri
add_accepted_culture = bhil
add_accepted_culture = bagri
add_accepted_culture = tomara
add_accepted_culture = meo
add_accepted_culture = gondi
add_accepted_culture = nagpuri
add_accepted_culture = sambalpuri
add_accepted_culture = pahari
add_accepted_culture = nepali
add_accepted_culture = marathi
add_accepted_culture = khandeshi
technology_group = indian
capital = 558 # (Patna)

1000.1.1  = {
	#set_key = { lhs = centralization_decentralization value = 0 }
	add_absolutism = -100
	add_absolutism = 0
}
